Projects: There will be a table with Columns: ID, Project name, Client name, Developer name,
Project status, dead line, and profit.
 1. In the main table there is should be an option to change the status of the project. (Option
to edit from admin panel: status name, status color).
 2. In the profit column, show one toggle switch named “Show PPP” to show the project wise
profit. By default it will be NA in all rows.
 3. When we click on “Project name” cell of any projects then it will direct us to the
information related to that project.

Add New Project Button:
 1. There should be button to add a new project named “New Project”.
 2. When we click on “New project”, it will direct us to a new page.
 3. Add project information:
A. Id (Automatically generated),
B. Project name
C. Client name (drop down will be there in which by default “New client” and a search box
should appear above it and below “New client” there will be 5 names of existing clients in
alphabetical manner and option to scroll)
D. Click on “New client”: name (mandatory), contact no (mandatory), email address
(mandatory), type (individual, enterprise) (mandatory), Citizenship of Client (Indian or
Foreign) (mandatory), residential address, description.
E. Lead source (Up work, LinkedIn, freelancer, fiverr, Facebook, Instagram, company website),
(Option to add source in the admin panel).
F. Company name (swts or swts Pvt. Ltd.),
G. developer name (drop down will be there in which by default “New Developer” and a search
box should appear above it and below “New Developer” there will be 5 names of existing
developers in alphabetical manner and option to scroll)
H. Click on “New Developer”: name (mandatory), contact no (mandatory), email address
(mandatory), type (individual, enterprise) (mandatory), residential address (mandatory), 
description (mandatory), profit sharing percentage: default values (mandatory), TDS (%)
(Mandatory), Description.
I. profit sharing percentage (There will be 2 boxes to enter the value (company’s percentage,
developer’s percentage)) (option to change between percentage and amount)
J. project status (default will be “In Touch”)
K. Start Time (Default today’s date),
L. Project timeline (no of days to complete the project),
M. End time (Auto calculate),
N. Description.

Click on existing project name from the list:
Information to be shown once we click on any existing project:
1. Project name
2. Client name
3. Developer name
4. Status
5. Dead line
Tip: Any time we should be able to edit above information.
Below above info we want different Tabs like 